docs(v10): improves docs of Modal migration (#2446)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/about-the-lib/releases/eufemia/v10-info.mdx

### [Modal](/uilib/components/modal), [Dialog](/uilib/components/dialog) and [Drawer](/uilib/components/drawer)

1. `closeButtonAttributes` of Modal, Dialog, and Drawer is deprecated and no longer supported.

2. Modal's `mode` property is now deprecated and removed.
   In earlier versions, the `mode` property defaulted to `dialog`. So if you've used `<Modal />` without the `mode` property, which would default to `mode="dialog"`, please convert from `<Modal />` to `<Dialog />` as of v10.

>    `<Modal />` now(as of v10) behaves as `<Modal mode="custom" />` did previously.

Author: ```suggestion
   `<Modal />` now(as of v10) behaves as `<Modal mode="custom" />` did in previous versions of eufemia.
```

### [Modal](/uilib/components/modal), [Dialog](/uilib/components/dialog) and [Drawer](/uilib/components/drawer)

1. `closeButtonAttributes` of Modal, Dialog, and Drawer is deprecated and no longer supported.

2. Modal's `mode` property is now deprecated and removed.
   In earlier versions, the `mode` property defaulted to `dialog`. So if you've used `<Modal />` without the `mode` property, which would default to `mode="dialog"`, please convert from `<Modal />` to `<Dialog />` as of v10.

>    `<Modal />` now behaves as `<Modal mode="custom" />` did previously.

Author: ```suggestion
   `<Modal />` now(as of v10) behaves as `<Modal mode="custom" />` did previously.
```
